or that they stop seeing subscribers of
youtube this is another abuses tutorial
but since I'm here in minecraft
and well in three tutorial I'm going to
teach how to make stone bricks
this was how to make stone bricks
to decorate are very good
I like them
Well the truth is that they are very nice
Well the first thing they have to do is
find
how will I pay a little
and find rocks
how much
Let's see
They need to find the following
stone like this in this state like you
they find it they have to go and
explain it with a wooden pick
gold diamond of iron or stone
how I want once obtained koleston
come to the rock they go and they stay a
oven that is created the following way it
put on the same rock that they bit like that
come is an oven
good once the oven is created
they put in a power source
which in this case is coal you can use
what they want and above has
warm the cold stone or rock
rock I do not know why but good heat
in cold stone and wait
the phrase of meat well to get
stone that is this
that's smooth stone once obtained
enough liza stone for your table
kraft eo and lay the smooth stone of
next way like the big bricks
stone
that are excellent for decorating
for this creative mode
no matter
and since nobody can create their house and
everything and what is better with this type of
with this kind of good rock this
tutorial is been short since I can not
upload many videos to youtube but good
in that has been everything please subscribe
if you liked the ice cream and comment your
Doubts
and good until next time